My name is Massimo Cristarelli.
Well, I have a degree in electronic engineering
and then I have a PhD in robotics and computer science.
I believe in evolution because when I was studying,
it was taken for granted in the school and all the teachings.
So I thought that the proofs that were given were really
substantiated by physical measures.
In my field of science is computer vision.
What I try to do is to design machines based on computers.
They try to replicate the perceptual ability of a human visual system.
They can identify people from their faces.
If their expression doesn't change too much,
if there is not too much makeup and so on.
But let's look at what a human does.
A human can recognize faces since a few hours after birth
and can do very precisely, very fast.
And in any different condition, you know,
regardless of the age or facial expressions or environment or whatever.
I've given always science first place.
Everything that was based on proof
and based on science was most important.
The reason why I started to question my belief in evolution
is because I discovered that what I was taught
was not really based on real proof.
But it was mostly based on some theories
that were on interpolation more than or real measurements.
The complexity of nature, to me,
is a clear evidence of a need or existence of a designer.
I don't know any complex mechanism or device
which has been conceived by humans, by engineers.
That was not made by a designer.